being a hammock camper my sleeping bag
or sleep system differs from a normal
sleeping bag that a ground sleeper would
use and that it's in two pieces first we
get what's called an under quilt and it
acts inside the hammock we've got what's
called a top coat ender quilt hangs
below the hammock and snugs up to my
back and insulates me from my neck to
both my knees top quilt mostly resembles
a normal sleeping bag and that it has a
foot box put your feet in but other than
that it has a an opening to get into but
unlike a sleeping bag the opening is on
the bottom or on your backside and does
not have a zipper I also have the option
to snap the the neck of the quilt
together and as well use a cord to just
snug it up around my neck the under
quilt and top cloud are both stuffed
with 900 fill power goose down and
they're rated to minus 18 degrees
Celsius or zero degrees Fahrenheit okay
so let's see if we need these two quilts
stuffed into these two little stuff
sacks
starting with thumb
there's top we'll see if we can get long
phone
there they are guys top mode underquilt
stuff with 900 powerful down makes
highly compressible and they don't take
up a whole lot of room in your pack so
thanks for hanging out and watch my
video